Bjm/noble abel (#279)
lanl/singularity-eos: doc/sphinx/src/models.rst

conditions are given, the return values of the :code:`ValuesAtReferenceState()`
function will not be the same.

Noble-Abel
``````````

The implementation here was influenced by the reference `NobleAbel`_. The Noble-Abel (aka Clausius I or Hirn) model in ``singularity-eos`` takes
the form

.. math::

    P = \frac{ \rho (e-q) (\gamma-1) }{ 1 - b \rho }

.. math::

    e = C_V T + q,

where quantities are similar to the ideal gas law with the exception of covolume (:math:`b`) and offset internal energy (:math:`q`).

> It should be noted that covolume is of physical significance, and is a required positive (or zero) quantity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be noted that covolume is physically significant as it represents the maximum compressibility of the gas, and as a result it should be non-negative.
```

The entropy for the Noble-Abel EoS is given by

.. math::

    S = C_V \ln\left(\frac{T}{T_0}\right) + C_V (\gamma-1) \ln\left(\frac{v - b}
     {v_0 - b}\right) + q',
     

where :math:`S(\rho_0,T_0)=q'`. By default, :math:`T_0 = 298` K and the
reference density is given by

.. math::

    \rho_0 = \frac{P_0}{C_V T_0(\gamma-1) + bP_0},

where :math:`P_0` is by default 1 bar.

The settable parameters for this EOS are :math:`\gamma-1`, specific
heat capacity (:math:`C_V`), covolume (:math:`b`) and offset internal energy (:math:`q`). Optionally, the reference state for the entropy calculation can
be provided by setting the reference temperature, pressure, and entropy offset.

> The ``NobleAbel`` EOS constructor has four arguments, ``gm1``, which is :math:`\gamma-1`, ``Cv``, the
> specific heat :math:`C_V`, :math:`b`, the covolume, and :math:`q`, the internal energy offset:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``NobleAbel`` EOS constructor has four arguments: ``gm1``, which is :math:`\gamma-1`; ``Cv``, the
specific heat :math:`C_V`; :math:`b`, the covolume; and :math:`q`, the internal energy offset.
```
Just a little clearer on what's being broken up here in this list
